frontend/README.md, before:

# CodeWithBotina Blog Frontend

[![Astro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Astro-5.17.1-orange)](https://astro.build)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-4.1.18-blue)](https://tailwindcss.com)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](../LICENSE)
[![Deployment](https://img.shields.io/badge/deployed-Cloudflare%20Pages-orange)](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)

> High-performance, SEO-optimized static blog built with Astro and Supabase.

**Live Site:** [blog.codewithbotina.com](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)  
**API Backend:** [api.codewithbotina.com](https://api.codewithbotina.com)

---

## ✨ Features

- 🚀 Lightning-fast static site generation with Astro
- 🎨 Minimalist, responsive design (mobile, tablet, desktop, TV)
- 🔍 Real-time client-side search
- 📝 Markdown-based content with syntax highlighting
- 📧 Contact form with backend API integration
- 🔐 SEO optimized (meta tags, Open Graph, Schema.org)
- 📱 Fully responsive and accessible (WCAG AA)
- 🌍 Edge-deployed on Cloudflare Pages (global CDN)
- 📊 RSS feed for subscriptions
- ⚡ Lighthouse score > 95 in all categories

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

### Tech Stack

| Component | Technology | Version |
|-----------|------------|---------|
| Framework | Astro | 5.17.1 |
| Styling | Tailwind CSS | 4.1.18 |
| Database | Supabase (PostgreSQL) | Latest |
| Backend API | Deno Deploy | Fresh 1.7.3 |
| Deployment | Cloudflare Pages | Edge Runtime |
| Icons | Lucide Icons | Latest |

### Page Structure

```
blog.codewithbotina.com
├── / (Home - Post listing with search)
├── /posts/[slug] (Post detail with Markdown rendering)
├── /contact (Contact form)
├── /about (About the author)
├── /404 (Custom error page)
└── /rss.xml (RSS feed)
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
frontend/
├── src/
│   ├── components/       # Reusable Astro components
│   │   ├── BaseLayout.astro
│   │   ├── Header.astro
│   │   ├── Footer.astro
│   │   ├── PostCard.astro
│   │   ├── SearchBar.astro
│   │   ├── ContactForm.astro
│   │   ├── SEO.astro
│   │   └── SocialLinks.astro
│   ├── pages/           # Route pages
│   │   ├── index.astro
│   │   ├── posts/[slug].astro
│   │   ├── contact.astro
│   │   ├── about.astro
│   │   ├── 404.astro
│   │   └── rss.xml.ts
│   ├── lib/             # Utilities and configurations
│   │   ├── supabase.ts
│   │   └── utils.ts
│   ├── styles/          # Global CSS
│   │   └── global.css
│   └── types/           # TypeScript definitions
│       └── post.ts
├── public/              # Static assets
│   ├── favicon.ico
│   ├── avatar.webp
│   └── robots.txt
├── tests/               # Test suite
└── astro.config.mjs
```

---

## 🛠️ Development Setup

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 18+ installed
- Supabase account with project created
- Code editor (VS Code recommended)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/codewithbotina-blog.git
cd codewithbotina-blog/frontend
```

2. **Install dependencies:**
```bash
npm install
```

3. **Configure environment variables:**
```bash
cp .env.example .env
nano .env  # Edit with your Supabase credentials
```

4. **Run development server:**
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. **Access locally:**
Open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321)

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Run Tests

```bash
# Run all tests
npm run test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run tests with UI
npm run test:ui

# Generate coverage report
npm run test:coverage
```

### Test Coverage

Current coverage: XX% (target: 80%+)

---

## 🚢 Deployment

See [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md) for complete deployment instructions.

**Quick Deploy:**
1. Push to GitHub
2. Connect repository to Cloudflare Pages
3. Configure environment variables
4. Deploy automatically on every push to main

**Live Site:** [blog.codewithbotina.com](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)

---

## 🔐 Environment Variables

See `.env.example` for complete list.

**Required for Production:**
- `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
- `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
- `PUBLIC_API_URL`
- `PUBLIC_SITE_URL`

---

## 📊 Performance

- Lighthouse Performance: 95+
- Lighthouse Accessibility: 100
- Lighthouse Best Practices: 100
- Lighthouse SEO: 100

---

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a personal project, but feedback is welcome!

- Email: support@codewithbotina.com
- GitHub Issues: [link]

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](../LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 👤 Author

**Diego Alejandro Botina**
- Website: [blog.codewithbotina.com](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)
- Portfolio: [portfolio.codewithbotina.com](https://portfolio.codewithbotina.com)
- GitHub: [@CodeWithBotinaOficial](https://github.com/CodeWithBotinaOficial)
- LinkedIn: [codewithbotinaoficial](https://www.linkedin.com/in/codewithbotinaoficial)

---

**Built with ❤️ using Astro, Tailwind CSS, and Supabase**

Commit message:

chore(frontend): production optimization and 2026 deployment docs
   - Remove all console.log and debug code
   - Optimize client-side JavaScript for performance
   - Update documentation for Cloudflare Pages 2026
   - Fix any production-blocking issues
   - Ensure all best practices are followed
   - Verify environment variables are correct
   - Update deployment guide with current UI flow
   - Ready for immediate deployment to production

frontend/README.md, after:

# CodeWithBotina Blog Frontend

[![Astro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Astro-5.17.1-orange)](https://astro.build)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-4.1.18-blue)](https://tailwindcss.com)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](../LICENSE)
[![Deployment](https://img.shields.io/badge/deployed-Cloudflare%20Pages-orange)](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)

> High-performance, SEO-optimized static blog built with Astro and Supabase.

**Live Site:** [blog.codewithbotina.com](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)  
**API Backend:** [api.codewithbotina.com](https://api.codewithbotina.com)

---

## ✨ Features

- 🚀 Lightning-fast static site generation with Astro
- 🎨 Minimalist, responsive design (mobile, tablet, desktop, TV)
- 🔍 Real-time client-side search
- 📝 Markdown-based content with syntax highlighting
- 📧 Contact form with backend API integration
- 🔐 SEO optimized (meta tags, Open Graph, Schema.org)
- 📱 Fully responsive and accessible (WCAG AA)
- 🌍 Edge-deployed on Cloudflare Pages (global CDN)
- 📊 RSS feed for subscriptions
- ⚡ Lighthouse score > 95 in all categories

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

### Tech Stack

| Component | Technology | Version |
|-----------|------------|---------|
| Framework | Astro | 5.17.1 |
| Styling | Tailwind CSS | 4.1.18 |
| Database | Supabase (PostgreSQL) | Latest |
| Backend API | Deno Deploy | Fresh 1.7.3 |
| Deployment | Cloudflare Pages | Edge Runtime |
| Icons | Lucide Icons | Latest |

### Page Structure

```
blog.codewithbotina.com
├── / (Home - Post listing with search)
├── /posts/[slug] (Post detail with Markdown rendering)
├── /contact (Contact form)
├── /about (About the author)
├── /404 (Custom error page)
└── /rss.xml (RSS feed)
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
frontend/
├── src/
│   ├── components/       # Reusable Astro components
│   ├── pages/           # Route pages
│   ├── lib/             # Utilities and configurations
│   ├── styles/          # Global CSS
│   └── types/           # TypeScript definitions
├── public/              # Static assets
├── tests/               # Test suite
└── astro.config.mjs
```

---

## 🛠️ Development Setup

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) 22+ installed
- Supabase account with project created
- Code editor (VS Code recommended)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/codewithbotina-blog.git
cd codewithbotina-blog/frontend
```

2. **Install dependencies:**
```bash
npm install
```

3. **Configure environment variables:**
```bash
cp .env.example .env
nano .env  # Edit with your Supabase credentials
```

4. **Run development server:**
```bash
npm run dev
```

5. **Access locally:**
Open [http://localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321)

---

## 🧪 Testing

### Run Tests

```bash
# Run all tests
npm run test

# Run tests in watch mode
npm run test:watch

# Run tests with UI
npm run test:ui

# Generate coverage report
npm run test:coverage
```

---

## 🚢 Deployment

See [DEPLOYMENT.md](DEPLOYMENT.md) for complete deployment instructions for Cloudflare Pages (2026).

**Quick Deploy:**
1. Push to GitHub
2. Connect repository to Cloudflare Pages
3. Configure environment variables in the Cloudflare dashboard
4. Deploy automatically on every push to main

**Live Site:** [blog.codewithbotina.com](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)

---

## 🔐 Environment Variables

See `.env.example` for a complete list and descriptions.

**Required for Production:**
- `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
- `PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
- `PUBLIC_API_URL`
- `PUBLIC_SITE_URL`

---

## 📊 Performance

- Lighthouse Performance: 95+
- Lighthouse Accessibility: 100
- Lighthouse Best Practices: 100
- Lighthouse SEO: 100

---

## 🤝 Contributing

This is a personal project, but feedback is welcome!

- Email: support@codewithbotina.com

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see [LICENSE](../LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 👤 Author

**Diego Alejandro Botina**
- Website: [blog.codewithbotina.com](https://blog.codewithbotina.com)
- Portfolio: [portfolio.codewithbotina.com](https://portfolio.codewithbotina.com)
- GitHub: [@CodeWithBotinaOficial](https://github.com/CodeWithBotinaOficial)
- LinkedIn: [codewithbotinaoficial](https://www.linkedin.com/in/codewithbotinaoficial)

---

**Built with ❤️ using Astro, Tailwind CSS, and Supabase**
